gh-130425: Add "Did you mean [...]" suggestions for `del obj.attr` (#136588)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.15.rst

* Several error messages incorrectly using the term "argument" have been corrected.
  (Contributed by Stan Ulbrych in :gh:`133382`.)

> * The interpreter now provides helpful suggestions when :func:`delattr` fails due to a missing attribute. When an attribute name that closely resembles an existing attribute is used, the interpreter will suggest the correct attribute name in the error message. For example:

Reviewer: Can you wrap the text under 80 characters per line?

.. doctest::

   >>> class A:
   ...     pass
   >>> a = A()
   >>> a.abcde = 1

>    >>> del a.abcdf

Reviewer: I think you need `# doctest: +ELLIPSIS`

   Traceback (most recent call last):
     ...
   AttributeError: 'A' object has no attribute 'abcdf'. Did you mean: 'abcde'?

> (Contributed by [sobolevn] and Pranjal Prajapati in :gh:`136588`.)

Reviewer: soblevn is Nikita Sobolev

* Several error messages incorrectly using the term "argument" have been corrected.
  (Contributed by Stan Ulbrych in :gh:`133382`.)

> * The interpreter now provides helpful suggestions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The interpreter now provides a suggestion
```
It is limited to one suggestion, no? I also think "helpful" is not something we can state.

> * The interpreter now provides a suggestion tries to provide a suggestion when
>   :func:`delattr` fails due to a missing attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The interpreter now tries to provide a suggestion when
  :func:`delattr` fails due to a missing attribute.
```

> * The interpreter now provides a suggestion
>   when :func:`delattr` fails due to a missing attribute.
>   When an attribute name that closely resembles an existing attribute is used,
>   the interpreter will suggest the correct attribute
>   name in the error message. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The interpreter now tries to provide a suggestion when
  :func:`delattr` fails due to a missing attribute. For example:
```

>   When an attribute name that closely resembles an existing attribute is used,
>   the interpreter will suggest the correct attribute
>   name in the error message. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When an attribute name that closely resembles an existing attribute is used,
  the interpreter will suggest the correct attribute name in the error message.
  For example:
```

  .. doctest::

>     >>> class A:

Reviewer: Align `>` and the following lines with the `d` of doctest.
